What if there's one more person? Bring it up
Jiang Yuhang, you are not dead
That's right, the people you sent didn't kill me
Are you disappointed?
Fortunately, Mr. Li saved me
Wei Xian, you already knew
Why did you just say it now?
Because I have to wait for Mingwei to come back.
I want to clear his name in front of the world
He's not the one who killed grandma
Has the master calmed down?
It has arrived.
Who is Song Jixue?
Song Jiexue, come with us
Luffy, I'm really jealous of you
Obviously prettier than you, smarter and harder than you
Why become history
It's you who need to help
willing
Even if you die, you have to pull a pad back
Liebenson Liebenson, are you okay?
You're fine
slightly
I Love You
Song continues to be charged with intentional homicide
Instigate murder, betray life
I never thought I would continue
Will come to this point
What kind of person you become is your choice
It has nothing to do with you.
Don't take everything on yourself
I still owe you a serious marriage proposal
because
I love you, will you marry me?
I would.